yeah I started playing mixed games um
okay when I when I first started playing
I was playing 510 no limit well I mean I
was playing like I think 20 us into
limit or whatever and then I remember
like shorts like taking a shot at like 5
10 like short stocky no limit or
whatever playing this really weird like
a counter intuitive way I suppose I
would like buying for like 200 and I
wouldn't like I wouldn't leave when I
doubled up I just like play and play
until I felt like I was losing my
momentum that i would i would change and
i was like i don't know i would average
like a thousand dollars a day and I was
terrible and I'm just like holy
like this is amazing I remember like
sitting I do a lot of my thinking in the
shower I guess I like like that the
water pouring down is very therapeutic
for me is you like my french lessons in
there you know whatever um you know make
a like kind of kramer thing you know
make a salad do some french whatever but
I remember like sitting the shower and
being like holy like I'm making
like I'm making this a crazy amount of
money a day for me especially and I'm
like I'm gonna buy like a sick recording
spot and all this stuff and then yeah
the net taller thing happened and like
it just all like like crash and burn
last year I did very poorly things
things weren't going very well as far as
like life was concerned either and I
know it affected how I prepared and I
was playing but I remember Scott Seaver
coming up to me when I was like really
bummed out it's funny because I've had
this conversation with a few friends of
mine take the year before that I was
like a scotch comes with two meetings
like hey man like it's totally standard
for like really good player to like just
brick a World Series or whatever like
don't be too down about it whatever and
I really appreciated that and I've had
that same like discussion I guess
although I don't know if I really
believed it 100% i prepared a lot I I
made a lot of claims actually before
World Series I i started two goals
thread on TwoPlusTwo stating i was gonna
win a bracelet I would never do that so
yeah I was kind of feeling it and
and I won the PLO which I wasn't
expecting to win I thought I would do
all right I like pillow a lot but I
still would have thought it wouldn't
have felt really good about the summer
had I not like done something well in
mix games and this is like this is kind
of what I had in mind I'm I'm actually
kind of a little disappointed with
myself still I feel like I should have
won heads up arises my best event limit
hold'em i'm not i'm happy with the third
there that's those to be expected when
we got three handed with Dan Kelly on my
left who's like you know a really good
player I thought the other two guys were
better than me so I felt like I placed
where I should rouse I don't feel like I
place two I should although I felt like
dancer played really well and then for
the 50k I felt like if I got heads up
with dinner with a with hen again it was
going to be very hard but I felt fine
with it but uh Martin Bradstreet
actually said once that made a lot of
sense he said you know if you're going
to be really good at poker like being
balanced is sort of an impossibility
like if you want to be the best like you
really have to like be obsessed with
with taking on this project and he's
totally right everyone talks about being
balanced and how healthy that is in blah
blah blah but if you really want to like
be good at this game you need to like
you know to make some sacrifices and I'm
very scatterbrained and I love learning
everything like I want to learn
everything and I want to be adept at
everything like I see go to you know
cirque show and now I want to do like
backflips and spew fire and stuff and I
want to skateboard and do like crazy
kick flips and I won't learn every
instrument and I want to be able to do
street art and I want you know I'm just
like I want to cook like really well and
i want to write really well and I I just
want to be able to do everything I like
I like tricks and I like like kind of
blowing people's mind it's fun for me
but um you know I got to work on
prioritizing and kind of getting the
music thing going and working really
hard at I would really like to be like
one of the most feared like poker
players like in the world
you